Locals (#802)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: README.md

anything in `inputs` will NOT be override anything you've already set in your environment.  

### Locals

> You can use locals to bind a name to values and expressions that you would like to create a reference for within your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use locals to bind a name to an expression, so you can reuse that expression without having to repeat it multiple times (keeping your Terragrunt configuration DRY).
```

config. For example, suppose that you need to use the AWS region in multiple inputs. You can bind the name `aws_region`
using locals:

```
locals = {
  aws_region = "us-east-1"
}

inputs = {
  aws_region  = local.aws_region
  s3_endpoint = "com.amazonaws.${local.aws_region}.s3"
}
```

> You can use any valid terragrunt expression in the `locals` configuration.

Reviewer: Prepare yourself for the "how do I reuse locals from another file?" question in 3... 2... 1... :-D

Perhaps tackle that head on and add a section on reusing/merging `yaml` files for now? And when we add `get_input` and `get_output`, we can replace it.

Author: Ok I can add that in.

FWIW, I was thinking about proposing a similar construct, but called `globals` which can be merged with the parent in an `include` call. I think the explicit separating of `locals` from `globals` is important, especially if and when `include` becomes more complex to allow inclusion of multiple levels of terragrunt config.

Reviewer 2: Do you have any immediate plans to implement `globals`?  We've just developed a need for something like that (having variables in our parent `terragrunt.hcl` that we can override from child `terragrunt.hcl`s).  While including a yaml file if it exists would work, it doesn't seem like the cleanest solution and we'd have to walk it back once there's a better way.

If you haven't started and you think it would be something that would be accepted, I don't mind creating a PR for it.

Author: > If you haven't started and you think it would be something that would be accepted, I don't mind creating a PR for it.

I don't think we have immediate plans for `globals`. I would suggest first creating an issue (with `Feature Request` in the title) describing:

- Your use case. Why do you need something like `globals`?
- Ideal solution. Is `globals` what you want, or do you want something like `get_local`, which can take another `terragrunt.hcl` config file as input, a `key` and return the value assigned to that `local` in the target file?
- Indicate whether you want to open a PR, either for the ideal solution or if that is challenging, a temporary workaround solution that works, but is better than what is available now.

anything in `inputs` will NOT be override anything you've already set in your environment.  

### Locals

You can use locals to bind a name to an expression, so you can reuse that expression without having to repeat it multiple times (keeping your Terragrunt configuration DRY).
config. For example, suppose that you need to use the AWS region in multiple inputs. You can bind the name `aws_region`
using locals:

```
locals {
  aws_region = "us-east-1"
}

inputs = {
  aws_region  = local.aws_region
  s3_endpoint = "com.amazonaws.${local.aws_region}.s3"
}
```

You can use any valid terragrunt expression in the `locals` configuration. The `locals` block also supports referencing other `locals`:

```
locals {
  x = 2
  y = 40
  answer = local.x + local.y
}
```

> ##### Including globally defined locals

Reviewer: Thx for adding 👍
